-Felix.
-Oh, he cute.
Okay, what about neighbor Beck?
Oh, I'm still
keeping him around.
-Mm-hmm.
-Just get a few more.
-This bitch building a roster.
-Yep.
MOLLY: (ON PHONE)
Lionel's great.
He's attractive, smart,
he making the money.
-But?
-I just don't know what it is.
-We should probably stop.
-Molly, it's cool.
Candace and I,
we're open.
So, they both step out?
Is anyone married
like my parents anymore?
Shit, I didn't even know
and I do their taxes.
I can't believe you
just met two bitches
at the grocery store.
It was great, right?
Yeah, it was great.
I shouldn't have said
what I said, or--
It was months ago, you know?
It-- it happened. I'm good.
( music playing )
- ( horn honking )
- ( woman vocalizing )
- Come on! Stupid.
- ♪ All my life, I had
to grind and hustle ♪
- ♪ I had to work
like Kobe... ♪
- ( car beeping )
♪ Just to shine
like Russell ♪
- Aw, shit.
- ♪ They say, "Glad you
made it happen overnight" ♪
♪ They say,
"Damn, you changed" ♪
♪ I'm like,
"Show you right" ♪
♪ Nigga, I be in the crib,
tryin' to find the BPM ♪
♪ Rehearsing
for the next show
in my kitchen ♪
♪ Fresh off a tour,
but can't tell you
where I been... ♪
- Daniel: Yeah?
- Special delivery, sir.
Mmm, leave it
on the stoop.
You have to sign for it.
It's a package
for your package.
Handle with care.
Or not.
( giggles )
I got a gun.
It's Issa!
( chuckles )
( both chuckle )
Come here.
You was really
gonna shoot me?
♪ This is just my every day,
this is just my every day ♪
♪ So, this is just
my every day ♪
♪ This is just
my every day... ♪
So just follow up
with Sharon.
She's our senior associate
who covers that area.
Wait, which one
is Sharon again?
We just walked
past her office.
She had on a tan suit.
Look like T-Boz.
The one that was reading
"Think Like a Man"?
- ( laughs )
- There's really
a lot of us here.
Look, I don't know
how you do it.
I mean,
the LA office remind me
of why I went to Howard.
It reminds me
of why that Solange album
stays on repeat in my car.
So, um,
did you tell them
that you know the white boy
make more than you?
You know I can't
say anything.
Hey, look.
- You ever think
about leaving?
- Leaving?
You know MJ&S is not
the only good firm.
You need
to just get out of LA
and move to a city
with a real football team.
Okay, calm down.
The Bears suck, so.
Okay, you just got
the Rams.
- ( both laugh )
- Plus, I've already
been there for four years.
I'm not about to just
let that time go to waste.
Look, Molly,
all I'm saying is
you have options.
You bring a lot
to the table if it's
at MJ&S or somewhere else.
I really do appreciate
you saying that.
Well, appreciate it
by bringing me some Roscoe's
next time you come.
So I can be
the black girl on a plane
with fried chicken?
- Nope.
- Come on, now. You ain't
gonna feed a brother?
I done gave you
some advice.
I'm slim thick.
You gotta feed me.
- ( laughing )
- I got a pastor's body.
Don't laugh.
Massa, why you let 'Nessa
shave you this morning?
Oh, Ninny...
she only trimmed
the tree.
I'll let you
tend the bush.
Ooh, 'Nessa about to get got,
messing with Ninny's man.
This show is so stupid.
- Oh, you leaving?
- Yeah, I was just about
to head out.
( sighs )
- Mmm.
- Oh.
You got plans
tomorrow night?
I don't know.
Do you?
Maybe.
Tsk, you ain't got
no plans.
( both laugh )
( clears throat )
- Where you going?
- About to go to Brolly Hut.
So, you're just gonna get
pastrami tacos without me?
Niggas ain't shit.
( chuckles )
We're not.
( laughs )
( panting )
Yo, so, nobody's heard
from Gary?
Last thing I heard,
he was yelling,
"Slow down,
you fuckers!"
- You calling him?
- No.
I gotta check and see
if I have jury duty
in the morning.
Man, jury duty's
the fucking worst.
You got called, huh?
Aw, you're gonna miss
Colin and me pitching
your app tomorrow.
Oh, sitting
in a courtroom all day
or listening to Colin talk
for 10 minutes straight--
not sure what's worse.
- ( panting )
- Aparna: Oh, looky here.
- Fuck this fucking marathon.
- ( all laughing )
- Brooke: Gar-bear!
- Aparna: Oh, Gary!
Cheese.
- Gary: Cheese.
- ( camera clicks )
Girl, I found us
a bomb-ass hotel
in Morocco to stay at.
Palais Faraj.
That's French
for "palace," bitch.
Okay, well, I will be
staying at the Motel "See,"
and that's French
for "I'm broke as fuck," bitch.
Tsk, can you hand me
the birds of paradise,
please?
I wanna add them
to these roses.
- This is
a big-ass bouquet.
- I know.
My dad has been
so fucking extra
with this vow renewal.
Talking about some
"I want it to look like
an ocean of flowers."
He lucky I don't drown
these shits.
I love your parents.
They're so cute.
- You sure you don't
wanna come?
- No, girl.
I told you, I got
this fuck-ass
work retreat.
( phone buzzes )
- Who's that?
- Huh? Oh, just Daniel.
Oh, y'all cool now?
Wait, what'd you call him?
The zit you had to pop?
Wait, or was it a rash
you had to put ointment on?
You know what?
We're fine, okay?
Daniel and I have history
and we always bounce back.
Oh, so y'all can just be cool
without catching feelings?
- Yeah, we're friends
who fuck.
- M'kay.
Daniel knows what it is.
Plus I told you, I'm not about
this feeling shit right now.
Listen, if you like it,
I love it.
- Get yours.
- Oh, I sure the fuck will.
Because I am
all about what?
Putting niggas
in my "hotation."
Oh, oh, we got--
we got a hotation?
- Listen, I got Daniel.
- Okay.
- I got neighbor bae.
- What?
And I'm about to add
a new one tonight.
- He Latino?
- Sí,  bitch!
( trilling, laughs )
That was really racist.
Narrator on TV:
What's the first thing
you think of
when you hear the words
"jury duty"?
- Is it finding
an excuse not to serve?
- ( phone buzzes )
Or the inconvenience
to your schedule?
Or being absent from work?
It's time
to take a fresh look
at jury service,
not as a duty,
but as a privilege,
and see why
there's no justice
without you.
It all starts
with the selection process
where jurors are chosen.
Today I wanna talk to you
about the world's
hottest pepper--
the Carolina Reaper.
( laughing, crunches )
Mmm... fuck!
- What is wrong with her?
- Kelli: Oh, God!
Would the following jurors
please report to courtroom 65?
Javier Alvarado,
Francis Butler,
Rodrigo Fuentes,
Edwin Gordon,
Karen James,
Joseph Lin,
Rachel Simmons,
Lawrence Walker,
and Thomas Williams.
Just a reminder,
I am still looking to name
a Director of Student Outreach
for We Got Y'all.
And don't forget
tomorrow's retreat
will begin promptly
at 9:00 a.m.
So, we're coming to work
on a Saturday... for free?
And also,
we will be partnering
with Inner-City Arts
to give opportunities
to students
who have an interest
in the arts.
So, everyone, think
about which of your kids
would be a good fit.
God, arts education
is so important for kids
like these.
- Especially in this climate.
- Betsy DeVos.
Joanne:
And with the state of things
in this country,
people seem to not
be hearing each other.
I bet you
she's gonna say
"now more than ever."
...unity are
vital to our mission
now more than ever.
( bubbling )
Hey, can we talk?
Honestly,
I don't know
what to say.
Well, clearly you're upset
about something, so...
you know you can
just talk to me.
I still feel weird
about just going along
with Gaines.
( scoffs )
Still?
I was just trying to make
the best out of the situation.
It seemed like you were trying
to help yourself more than--
Do you know how many
racist-ass Gaines types
there are out there?
And, truthfully,
black people can't really
be racist like that, so.
Yes, they can.
Racism is about
having the power
to manipulate a situation
against someone.
Oh, so you're just
gonna be literal?
- Yes.
- It must be nice
to have the privilege
to choose to be upset
over this.
So, you're saying
I  can never call out
when someone of color's
doing something wrong?
- Kinda.
- That's not fair.
- Well, that's
the world we live in.
- Maybe it is.
I just expected
more from you.
( bubbling continues )
I would leave,
but I literally
just filled up the water.
Yo, yo.
What you doing here
so early?
Came up last night
to hang with the parents.
Oh, okay.
I see.
So, we just out here
wearing tight T-shirts now?
Okay, well, I mean,
if people out here
noticing, then, yeah.
- Man, your pops still
didn't fix that gate, huh?
- ( both laugh )
Used to wake up
the whole block
when you missed curfew.
Man, my dad
ain't fixing that gate.
- It's the only alarm we got.
- ( both laugh )
Well, I wanted to catch you
before tomorrow,
make sure
we all cool and...
Yeah, we good.
I know
I dropped a lot on you
at Kiss-n-Grind, so.
It kind of was,
but we were both
pretty drunk.
I wasn't that drunk.
You never thought
about us like that?
I mean, yeah, when you had
your colored contacts in.
I was like, "Okay."
But then you took them out
and I was like, "Nah."
Don't do that.
Yeah, I've thought
about it.
I've been
thinking about you,
but you're married.
So, open or not,
that's just not
how I see my life.
Okay, yeah.
No, I get it.
Look, well, just know
we will always be good.
- No matter what.
- Good.
Tomorrow should be fun.
So, get ready,
'cause I am going
to wear my tight suit.
Oh, okay.
Is it gonna be
tighter than this shirt?
- Bam!
- Okay...
Your Honor, I have
just a few more questions
for Juror #9.
Judge:
Okay, proceed.
Juror #9,
have you ever testified
in any court proceeding?
- No.
- Do you harbor any bias
towards the Los Angeles
Police Department?
Actually...
Not buying it.
Attorney:
Your Honor, the defense
would like to dismiss Juror #3.
Judge:
Juror #3,
you're dismissed.
Juror #3.
While you're still young!
Y'all are really going
all out for this, huh?
Oh, please, I got
these champagne glasses
from the little
Mexican dollar store.
They're probably
full of lead.
- Besides, I'm saving
for somebody's wedding.
- ( tsks, groans )
You know, Costco
is selling atriums now.
Cee-Cee,
Molly is too special
to settle for
the first little ashy boy
who wants to put a ring on it.
Thank you, Daddy.
- Ooh.
- Okay.
Now, don't start nothing
you can't finish.
- Oh, yuck, please stop.
- ( parents laughing )
- Hey.
- Oh, come on, now.
Red cups?
What you think
this is, Freaknik?
( laughs )
What's up, Mo?
- What's up, Big Head?
- Hey, Curtis. Hey, Ugly.
Hey, I thought you said
those were yours.
- Yeah, they are.
- You ain't never
gave us one.
- Ah...
- Mmm.
You gonna drink it
in front of my face?
- I can't stand you.
- Wait, it took two of you
to pick that up?
- You know Jerome don't drive.
- Man, I don't need to.
Michelle drive.
I don't even understand
how your scrub-ass self
gets bitches.
Like this.
( snaps fingers )
- Stupid, man...
- Mm-mm. I'm done.
♪ Baby, I want
some of your love ♪
♪ Your love, your love,
your love ♪
♪ Baby, can I have
some of your ♪
♪ Your love,
your love? ♪
Come through, Tinder.
Come through.
Hi. Nico?
- Issa?
- Hi.
Uh...
So, uh,
what are we drinking?
Well, this place is known
for their martinis.
I heard that they infuse
a lot of their gins.
Fuck gin.
I want the horchata.
Easy on the chata,
heavy on the whore.
- You pick.
- Don't worry,
you're in good hands.
Are you good
with your hands?
Or are you better
with your dick?
Yeah, to be honest,
I'm not really much
of a martini guy.
I was only trying
to impress.
Well, I bought it,
so I'm clearly easy.
To-- to impress.
Well, now that we're throwing
the cards on the table,
I should tell you that I caught
that Spider-Man reference
in your profile.
- Marvel, huh?
- All day.
See, the thing is
I'm a DC guy.
- What?!
- Oh, come on.
Superman beats
Spider-Man.
I mean, Superman's dog
beats Spider-Man.
You know what?
I should go.
Actually, you should.
Okay, here, hold on.
Excuse me, drink, please?
( phone buzzes )
Nicely poured.
- For you.
- Thank you.
- Cheers.
- ( music playing )
- I love it.
( both laugh )
You guys
doing okay, or...?
Uh, did you want
anything else?
No, I'm good,
thank you.
I think we're good.
Thank you.
- Oh.
- If you're gonna go for it,
you've gotta commit to it.
- What? I did.
- Uh-huh.
Next time, don't stop
until I say, "I got it."
Noted.
- Well, thank you.
- You're very welcome.
Wow, it's almost midnight.
- Time just flew by.
- Yeah.
But I'm not tired.
So, if you want,
we could keep hanging out.
I wish.
I have to get up
super early.
I have a flight
in the morning, so.
Oh, okay.
But, hey, this is an excuse
for us to do this again.
- Okay.
- ( chuckles )
...only then can
we truly achieve empathy.
Let's practice
how we listen
to students experiencing
personal challenges.
Those skills would be
especially important
for whomever I name
as our new Director
of Student Outreach.
Issa, Frieda, Kitty, Ken,
please come up.
- Why don't you go first?
- Okay.
"A student who was
formerly engaged
is now talking back
and missing assignments.
What are some possible
underlying causes?"
Um, mm.
Okay, so,
my first thought
might be
has something
in their home life
changed?
Okay, I'd wanna know
if any of their parents
are affiliated
with any organizations.
I mean, we're all
thinking drugs, right?
Are they old enough
to get pregnant?
Because they're
probably pregnant.
Maybe instead
of assuming,
we should just ask them
what the hell is going on.
Sorry.
No, it's the retreat.
Honestly, sometimes
it's more than one thing.
And these are kids.
Even adults can have
a hard time
being honest
with themselves
about things.
I agree with Frieda.
We're mining
a deep vein, here.
Let's keep digging.
Everyone, pair up,
pick a card from the bowl.
- Kitty: You wanna partner?
- Ken: Yeah.
Kitty:
Okay, all right.
Uh, you wanna be
my partner?
Oh, we're really
doing this?
Yeah, we're doing it.
Sit up. Up.
- Patricia: You can do it.
- Frieda: Thank you.
Hey, Sarah,
do you wanna partner up?
( chatter )
- Sure.
- Frieda: Okay, you learn
that a student
is scared of going
for his dreams.
Well, that's stupid.
Dreams aren't meant
to be achieved.
That's why
they're called dreams.
Otherwise, they'd
be called reality, so.
They might as well learn that
sooner rather than later.
- That's kind of dark, Patricia.
- It's true.
- These are beautiful, Mom.
- Thank you.
I got the champagne
from the fridge.
See something,
do something, right?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
- Your parents
are kind of great.
- ( chuckles )
Yeah, they are.
- Man: Molly!
- Ah, Mr. and Mrs. Peña.
- Ven.  Mwah!
- Oh, mwah!
- So good.
- Thank you.
I was just asking my parents
if they ever thought about
renewing their
wedding vows.
( speaking Spanish )
Mrs. Peña: On that note,
we're gonna go find
your parents.
- Come on, Papi.
- Sí, sí.
- Sí, Mami.
- Hola.
Oh, uh, Dro,
this is Lionel.
Lionel, Dro.
- Pleasure.
- How you doing, Dro?
- Good, good.
- Dro and I grew up together.
Yeah, my parents' house is
right across the street there.
- Okay.
- You two work together?
- Uh, no.
- No.
We met out.
Yeah, Lionel's
a mortgage broker.
Marketing consultant.
- You are a...
- Both: Marketing consultant.
Yes. Yes.
Yeah.
So, where's Candice?
- Bachelorette party in Cabo.
- Jerome: Dro!
Little bruv.
- Hi!
- What's up?
That dude is tall.
Is he?
- ( music playing )
- Nah, man, I didn't know.
So, Tiffany hasn't said
anything about Issa and Daniel?
After what happened
with the whole Tasha thing,
Tiff and I had to stop
discussing y'all
because we'd always
end up taking sides.
It'd get real, bro.
I just can't believe
Issa is still out here
seeing this dude.
Yeah, man, I feel you.
Yo, and now I'm like
was she playing me
the whole time
we were together?
Women are slick
about hiding their dirt.
- Iss, slick?
- Yeah.
You've seen her dance, right?
Or just, like, live?
That's exactly why
you wouldn't expect it.
'Cause they don't
seem like the type.
I mean, how you know
that Tiffany isn't
out there just--
- Come on.
- I'm just saying.
All right,
I thought Issa and I
were in it together,
but she was out there
doing whatever.
Honestly,
this ain't all on Issa.
What?
I mean, you spent
two years unemployed,
not doing shit,
letting your woman
take care of you.
Kind of left
the door open.
So, what?
That gives her the right
to fuck some other dude?
No, but I can see
why she'd be attracted
to a guy who's out there,
making things happen.
Hey, can we get
two more?
I appreciate it.
( chatter )
- Curtis: So, is that you?
- Molly: Yeah.
We went out
a couple weeks ago
and I decided
to give him another shot.
Oh, so it's a pity date.
- He went to Penn.
- He went to Penn?
- He has a good job.
- Most niggas should.
He's ready to settle down.
You know what?
I figure if I'm ever gonna
have what Mom and Dad have,
I might as well just...
Okay, look.
Just because you meet
some good guy
don't mean it's gonna
end up like Mom and Dad.
Ain't no rule books
to this shit.
You're just saying that
because you married
a stripper.
No, I love Kim.
She trapped me,
but I love her.
I'm just being real.
If you ain't
feeling this nigga,
then why you with him?
Jerome:
Yo, Curtis, Curtis.
I'm gonna kill
your fucking brother.
- Curtis.
- What, nigga? Damn!
- Jerome: You gonna
try to get a drink?
- Curtis: No, nigga, I'm not.
- Jerome: Try the berry one?
- Curtis: No!
( sighs )
( phone buzzing )
- Hey.
Remember
when we were kids
and that white girl
Amanda Johnson--
- Samantha Bronson.
- Her.
Remember how she swore
up and down
that there was a sex scene
at the end of "Aladdin"
and I knew there wasn't
because I had fast-forwarded
to the end of the tape
and knew she was wrong?
Why are
we talking about "Aladdin"
and little white girls?
Because I was right then
and I'm right now.
My self-righteous-ass coworker
is acting like I'm leaving out
all the Latino kids
on purpose.
Why you leaving out
all Latino kids?
- Didn't nobody say "all."
- You literally just said "all."
I know what I said,
and I didn't say "all."
You can never admit
when you're wrong.
Never say never, nigga!
How about that?
Stupid-ass.
( phone buzzes )
- ( sighs )
- ( phone buzzes )
Oh, yeah?
How bored?
Send me a video, baby.
Oh, just screening
for cancer.
Gross.
- ( music playing )
- Molly, come here.
- I'll see you there. Yep.
- Yeah.
- Hey, Aunt Janice.
- That's your Great-Aunt Janice.
Don't act like
we're the same age.
- Hey, Aunt Kiki,
Cousin Mary.
- Hey, baby.
So, brought you
a man this time.
- Dark and lovely.
- Oh.
Girl, if I was
20 years younger...
Not today.
Today is about
David and Carol.
35 years.
- Amazing.
- Mm-hmm!
I didn't think
they were gonna make it
to 5, let alone 35.
What he put
my sister through?
Let's go.
Kiki, come on.
- Kiki: What was
that wench's name again?
- Janice: Kiki.
What?
♪ Now we in
the same spot ♪
♪ Right there,
wetter than a raindrop ♪
♪ She be right there, nigga,
where the rain drop ♪
♪ Hit the floor
when she bounce it... ♪
- ( horn honks )
- Why you gotta beep?
( phone buzzes )
Oh!
What the...?
Shit!
Fuck!
- ♪ Back, back,
back, back... ♪
- ( sighs )
♪ Yo neck and yo back,
back, back, back, unh... ♪
( laughter, chatter )
- So, is it true?
- ( sighs ) Molly.
- Dad cheated on Mom?
- They worked through it.
They worked through it?
What the fuck does that even...?
So, Mom knew,
and she's cool with it?
- Molly, calm down.
- Fuck that!
Fuck this ceremony.
- Fuck all this fake-ass shit.
- Mom: Molly!
- Lower your voice, please.
- Molly, what--
How could you
cheat on Mom?
Oh, Molly, listen.
It was
a long time ago.
Why would you stay?
Molly,
he made a mistake.
- Listen, honey--
- No, no. I can't.
- Honey--
- No.
( sighs )
Hey, you all right?
I got it, I got it.
- Cool, 'cause Aunt Kiki...
- Oh, fuck!
Hold on, hold on,
hold on.
- Hey, are you okay?
- No!
Come here,
come here.
Oh, damn,
that's real bad.
Shit!
( sighs )
( music playing )
- ( phone buzzing )
- ( music turns off )
- Iss.
- Hey.
So, I'm not gonna
make it tonight.
I got into a stupid
car accident.
- Shit, you okay?
- My car is fucked.
- But you're not
hurt, though, right?
- No, I'll be all right.
I just didn't want you
to think I ghosted.
All right,
I'ma come pick you up.
No, you don't have
to do all that.
I can just ride
in the tow truck.
I think the driver
has a Yaki ponytail,
so maybe
I'm not his type.
- Come on, where you at?
- 60th and West.
All right,
I'm on my way.
Okay.
( vocalizing )
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Stop tripping, girl,
you know me ♪
♪ I'm your homie,
don't cut it off ♪
♪ We done said it all
and we done it all ♪
♪ I want it all
for myself ♪
♪ Sorry if I'm coming off
insecure ♪
♪ Ooh, oh, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Why you gotta be
so insecure? ♪
♪ Yeah... ♪
I never would have thought
in a million years
that my dad could...
( sucks teeth )
- Sorry.
- He wasn't supposed to do
something like that.
I'm sure he feels
terrible, though.
Good.
He should feel terrible.
Why are you even
defending him?
I'm not.
I'm on your side.
I'm just trying to...
Man, I just feel
so fucking stupid.
Here I am, trying to find
a nigga like my dad,
thinking that my parents'
marriage is "the thing."
All the while,
their whole shit
is fucked up, too.
That doesn't
make you stupid.
- Tsk.
- It doesn't.
You're just trying to find
someone who loves you and...
makes you happy.
You should.
- Yo.
- Thank you so much.
- What happened?
- I was driving and then...
- Just...
- Come here.
It's all good.
You know I got you.
We're cool, right?
Yeah.
Why?
I'm just really glad
we reconnected,
but I know...
I'm out there
and you're out there,
and we're both seeing
other people, right?
Yeah.
Cool, 'cause,
like, last time, I wasn't
as up front about everything
and I do not want
to do that again this time.
No, I get it.
Thank you.
'Cause, you know,
I just wanna be
on the same page
from the beginning.
- Okay. Cool.
- Cool.
Okay.
- You got...? Okay.
- Yeah.
Sorry about before.
- I didn't mean
to yell at you.
- No, I-- I know.
How you gonna
get home?
I'll call Lyft
or whatever.
All right.
♪ I'll live
inside of you ♪
♪ To find what
you're looking for ♪
- ♪ Swallow me... ♪
- ( panting )
( Molly moans )
♪ Tell me about it ♪
♪ Swallow me ♪
( vocalizing )
- ♪ It all ♪
- ♪ Swallow me ♪
♪ Tell me about it ♪
♪ Swallow me ♪
♪ Our love
is supposed to be ♪
♪ Oh, tell me about it ♪
- ♪ Open up so slowly ♪
- ♪ Oh ♪
( vocalizing )
♪ Swallow me ♪
♪ Our love is supposed
to be... ♪
MOLLY CARTER:
How're we supposed to go
back to normal after this?
Dro took me to prom back when
I was wearing all pink like
Beyoncé in "Check On It."
Ooh, I bet that looked cute.
It did.
LAWRENCE WALKER: Am I crazy
or did that go kinda great?
What do you think I should tweak
before my next step?
Your expectations.
♪ Everything you doin', yeah
That's how I like it ♪
ISSA DEE: It's my ho-tation.
I make the rules.
Get in my lineup.
Girl, that's the ho spirit.
Granted, havin' sex with me
isn't amazing, but it is, like,
"Huh... Okay. Yeah, I'm
satisfied. I'd do that again."
♪ That's how I like it, yeah
That's how I like it ♪
Hey ya'll, we are back
and ready to wine down.